I'm not you're watching beg Ramona I'm
not you're watching back Ramona hello
it's an honor and it's an inspiration to
dance with all these other teams so
we're just gonna mash it together and
form quests it's a little awkward that's
kind of awkward for me
hope you like Dietrich no one's engaged
no one's married
you guys met by working for these
moments since like December last year or
actually December of 2007 more than half
the things you guys have seen us do we
never tried together before like I'm
serious like the Britney Spears week we
had no idea that Arthur would ever dance
like that
no commercials is it my supposed to be
saying I didn't say that right did I
hurry up come on man I almost fell off
stage Oh freaking man you bastard
where have you been
she is such a sweetheart too I mean
she's got beauty she's very mature and
she's really fun and she talks like this
not many people could talk like that
can they huh Brian what do the ladies
need a dude to touch your hair don't
ever talk about farts don't ever far and
don't ever talk or do number two's
around men it is nasty and when you hide
it even more now I'm gonna tell Jesus
Megan Jesus my boy what are we talking
are we telling girls like what to do or
something big girls until that's done so
students read your manual for Ryan and
dumb
yeah no girl sign up since the show
every day all day
we can't take a day off
peace be with you and also with you
cracker wine